The enclosed directories make up the current OVID development effort.  Please
view the README files in each project for details.

The ovid project contains everything that you need to begin creating your own
domain layer objects using the OVID technologies.

The ovid-domain project is a reference implementation of an OVID domain model.
It uses the ovid.jar built from the ovid project.  The intent of the
ovid-domain project is to use it as a guideline in creating your own domain
layer.  This project is used by Medsphere internally and therefore, will
likely be updated from time to time.  However, the intent is not to provide a
single domain model that can be used for any OpenVista application.  The
reason being that there is simply too much schema and data within an OpenVista
installation to really foresee being able to encapsulate that into a single
reasonable, reusable domain model.  Rather, it is encouraged that each domain
project creates its own domain model based on ovid.  Feel free to pick and
choose any useful classes from the ovid-domain project and incorporate them
within your own projects.

Both of these projects use ivy (http://ant.apache.org/ivy), a dependency
manager, to locate and download third party dependencies.  These dependencies
are cached locally within your home account.  Therefore, after a resource has
been downloaded, ivy can work offline.  But, the first time you build the
project, you need to be connected to the internet.  The first time you build
will likely take a couple of minutes to download the dependencies.  Afterward,
they'll be cached and subsequent builds will occur much faster.

To clear out dependencies in your project directory:

ant clobber

To completely clear out your local cache and force dependencies to be
downloaded again:

ant clean-cache



